well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again before we get started tonight I
want to remind everybody that what I do
is gonzo journalism on this channel and
that's that's a blend of facts and
statistics and fictions and opinions and
stories and historical tidbits all
blended together in hopes of getting to
truth rather than just isolated facts
because facts and truth aren't always
the same thing in that regard I want to
also point out that at heart I'm still a
journalist so in my world everything is
alleged until there's a conviction
doesn't matter if there's a video of the
crime until there's a conviction it's
alleged that's that's how it works and
what we're going to be discussing
tonight is an ongoing proceeding so of
course everything is alleged there's
been no conviction in fact there haven't
even been formal criminal charges filed
as of yet although I believe they're
forthcoming okay so now that we have
that all out of the way also want to say
content warning we're going to be
discussing a sexual assault not in
explicit detail but in enough detail to
make me bother some people so the case
comes out of New Jersey and the only
reason we know about this case is
because the prosecution got this ruling
and took it to the appeals court and the
appeals court agreed with the
prosecution therefore we get to hear
about this otherwise we never would have
known this happened the judge that
issued the ruling is Judge James Troiano
tr0 ia0 and he didn't want to let this
case leave Family Court and go to go to
the adult Criminal Court now what the
prosecution contends happened
is that a sixteen year old girl went to
a party it was a pajama parties she was
dressed accordingly she drank got drunk
and got raped I want to stop here pause
here for a second under normal
circumstances this would have been the
end of it never would have gotten into
court never probably never would even
been reported because even at 16 she
knows what she's going to be asked she
knows what the public court of opinion
is going to do to her
and we're react Oh a party huh you
drinking underage illegally uh-huh
what kind of party was it pajama party
what were you wearing really don't
suppose anybody heard you struggle or
anything right because this is really
starting to sound like a regret case to
me not a rape case tell me it's not true
based on just this that's what she would
have been subjected to this case is a
little different though because the
prosecution believes that the accused
texted his friends a video of the act
with the caption when your first time is
rape
now nobody outside of the original
recipients or the criminal justice
community up there has seen the video
but the descriptions of it make it sound
as though she's almost unconscious so
when your first time is rape that that's
pretty condemning evidence in anybody's
opinion anybody's opinion except for
this judge because this judge likes to
reserve the term rape to incidents and
for incidents that well they have more
than one assailant or they were you know
beating them or something like that
even though 90% of rapes are single
assailant incidents and in 80% of cases
the assailant is known to the victim so
even with that just incredibly
condemning piece of evidence the wheels
of justice just don't have enough oil to
spin I guess we find out in the ruling
why because of the quote devastating
effect that it might have on this young
man on the accused Wow that's a crazy
thing to be concerned with until you
read the rest of it because he comes
from a good family now that's code what
that means is he comes from money he
comes from the establishment he comes
from that ruling class that class of
people that look out for each other
judge goes on to talk about how he's an
Eagle Scout and does well in school
because that is extremely relevant
extremely relevant he's a candidate for
college
not just any college but probably good
college these are really things that he
said you know we like to pretend that
class issues in this country are a thing
in the past they're not they're not and
any time a situation like this comes up
we are reminded that if someone wants to
get away with rape all they have to do
is well target somebody of a lower class
then it's real easy nobody's gonna
believe home after all you're an Eagle
Scout guess you don't have a tie ropes
the key thing I want people to take away
from this incident is that in most cases
the accused does not text a video most
cases there's not a video next time you
hear of a situation like this think back
to this next time you hear that story of
the girl who got drunk and says
something happened and nobody believes
her think back to this because without
that video never would have gone
anywhere even with the video the
prosecution had to go get an appeal
something we all need to keep in mind
now again I want to reiterate this is
all alleged there's no conviction these
are the facts as we know it of the case
anyway it's just a thought you guys have
a good night